V2 final (#151)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/v2/tutorials/build-things-with-cohere/rag-with-cohere.mdx

        print(citation, "\n")
```
```
Yes, we offer gym memberships, on-site yoga classes, and comprehensive health insurance.

CITATIONS:
start=14 end=88 text='gym memberships, on-site yoga classes, and comprehensive health insurance.' sources=[DocumentSource(type='document', id='doc:2', document={'id': 'doc:2', 'text': 'Health and Wellness Benefits: We care about your well-being and offer gym memberships, on-site yoga classes, and comprehensive health insurance.'})]
```

## Search query generation

The previous example showed how to get started with RAG, and in particular, the augmented generation portion of RAG. But as its name implies, RAG consists of other steps, such as retrieval. 

In a basic RAG application, the steps involved are:

- Transforming the user message into search queries
- Retrieving relevant documents for a given search query
- Generating the response and citations

Let's now look at the first step—search query generation. The chatbot needs to generate an optimal set of search queries to use for retrieval. 

There are different possible approaches to this. In this example, we'll take a [tool use](./v2/docs/tool-use) approach.

> Here, we build a tool that takes a user query and returns a list of relevant document snippets for that query. The tool can generate zero, one or multiple search queries depending on the user query.
> 
> We'll not do a detailed walkthrough of tool use here as we'll do that in the next tutorial, which is a dedicated tutorial on tool use.
> 
> We recommend using the v1 API for this functionality in order to leverage the `force_single_step` feature. Note: support for search query generation in v2 will be coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we build a tool that takes a user query and returns a list of relevant document snippets for that query. The tool can generate zero, one or multiple search queries depending on the user query.
```

```python PYTHON

> co_v1 = cohere.Client(api_key="COHERE_API_KEY") # Get your free API key: https://dashboard.cohere.com/api-keys
> 
> def generate_search_queries(message: str) -> List[str]:
>     
>     # Define the query generation tool
>     query_gen_tool = [
>     {
>         "name": "internet_search",
>         "description": "Returns a list of relevant document snippets for a textual query retrieved from the internet",
>         "parameter_definitions": {
>             "queries": {
>                 "description": "a list of queries to search the internet with.",
>                 "type": "List[str]",
>                 "required": True
>             }
>         }
>     }]
> 
>     # Define a preamble to optimize search query generation
>     instructions = "Write a search query that will find helpful information for answering the user's question accurately. If you need more than one search query, write a list of search queries. If you decide that a search is very unlikely to find information that would be useful in constructing a response to the user, you should instead directly answer."
> 
>     # Generate search queries (if any)
>     search_queries = []
> 
>     response = co_v1.chat(
>         preamble=instructions,
>         model="command-r-08-2024",
>         message=message,
>         force_single_step=True,
>         tools=query_gen_tool
>     )
> 
>     if response.tool_calls:
>         search_queries = response.tool_calls[0].parameters["queries"]
> 
>     return search_queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def generate_search_queries(message: str) -> List[str]:
    
    # Define the query generation tool
    query_gen_tool = [
        {
            "type": "function",
            "function": {
                "name": "internet_search",
                "description": "Returns a list of relevant document snippets for a textual query retrieved from the internet",
                "parameters": {
                    "type": "object",
                    "properties": {
                        "queries": {
                            "type": "array",
                            "items": {"type": "string"},
                            "description": "a list of queries to search the internet with.",
                        }
                    },
                    "required": ["queries"],
                },
            },
        }
    ]

    # Define a preamble to optimize search query generation
    instructions = "Write a search query that will find helpful information for answering the user's question accurately. If you need more than one search query, write a list of search queries. If you decide that a search is very unlikely to find information that would be useful in constructing a response to the user, you should instead directly answer."

    # Generate search queries (if any)
    search_queries = []
    
    res = co.chat(
        model="command-r-08-2024",
        messages=[
            {"role": "system", "content": instructions},
            {"role": "user", "content": message},
        ],
        tools=query_gen_tool
    )
    
    if res.message.tool_calls:
        for tc in res.message.tool_calls:
            queries = json.loads(tc.function.arguments)["queries"]
            search_queries.extend(queries)

    return search_queries
```
